all right this is supposed to be a
comparison between the fulltone OCD as a
version three and a love petal super
lead both pedals are designed to emulate
a Marshall however the OCD focuses more
on a driven 18 watt Marshall and the
super lead as its namesake is more the
Marshall stack so let's see how they
compare
first the clean tone and then let's
start with the super lead draw level
just past 12 Drive at about 1:30 this is
with the mid boost on
let's try the OCD 18 watt or 18 volt and
drive and not to applaud
so I would say a little bit more no
definition with the OCD also the the
tone on the OCD is turned to about 10:30
and the tone on the shoe police raid 12
go back to the Superleague
same grip on the same sequence on this
evening
all right let's back some out see what
the difference is
all right so game is maxed out
OCD
that's that obviously the OCD is a
little bit darker pedal more in the
low-mids Superleague still has a good
base response but it's definitely
focused more less high I mean more like
a like a high cut all right let me know
mistake